(upbeat music)
One of our favorite interviewees, Steven Ross, is back
with us with his new book titled, And Nothing Happened.
In it, he tells us of the powerful healing technologies
of the past that were bypassed or deliberately ignored
by the medical profession, in spite of the fact that many
of the inventors and practitioners
were medical doctors themselves.
One case was that of Dr. Kate Baldwin,
a surgeon who was using colored lights
to effect powerful healing in her patients.
So, they say the third time's a charm,
but I have found every time with you charming,
and this is our third encounter on camera, Steven.
And, as I was reading your book called But Nothing Happened,
I was getting, I have to say, I was getting more steamed up
by the moment and what it was, was it was resurrecting
a lot of steamy stuff from 25 years ago,
which is our connecting point, when we were both in Europe
chasing the same really astounding physicists
and medical doctors in energy healing.
And so, we're going to pick up the journey
with all those early technologies, but do you mind
for a moment, while I read a bit of your disclaimer,
because you're big on laughing.
I'm ready to go, I'm here for you.
I laughed out loud when I read your disclaimer.
I said, Scott I've gotta read this to you.
Okay so, you say "The following disclaimer is required
"due to certain vested interests that exist
"within the health field," on and on.
Then you do the standard disclaimer.
Then, you write a note at the end of the disclaimer
saying, "Apparently there is no problem for you
"to take the pharmaceutical products
"that are recommended to you through the advertising media.
"Remember, some of their side effects are minimal,
"that might include heart attack, stroke, coma,
"or other minor problems, such as personality changes
"and a desire to commit suicide.
"Please read product labels carefully and remember
"that you should consult the physician's desk reference
"to learn of the other adverse effects not listed
"on the bottle for possible problems your medical specialist
"has not warned you about."
Do you think I left something out?
(laughter)
That was like a
A reminder.
reverse disclaimer.
It is.
I love it and you did that with intention.
A very big intention, because in a subtle way,
when you look at all the commercials on television.
How they have managed to convince people,
side effects are slight and I'm starting to think,
is a heart attack slight, is a coma slight,
is a massive personality change?
Internal bleeding.
Exactly.
So, their definition has been ratcheted up,
so I figured I had to have a disclaimer.
I thought that was excellent.
Thank you.
So, anyway
it set me laughing and then I got into the first chapter,
which we go into Rife, which you and I talked about
in our first interview and I got angry all over again
at the suppression of these technologies.
Oh Regina, my idea's supposed to make people happy.
No, I was not happy, but this is good, because
I think I wanna take on a new project because of this.
This really steamed me up.
So, we've talked about Rife and the tragic end of his life.
Right.
I mean,
to invent something of such major medical significance
and to be heralded in the newspaper with all the doctors
in their tuxedos saying the end of cancer.
And then, to be systematically discredited, destroyed
to the point of bitterness and alcoholism.
But, Regina it is a matter of the course of what happens.
If you look at Semmelweis who wanted to save
so many women's lives and just tried
to have doctors wash their hands
between deliveries and he literally was thrown,
he was thrown in an insane asylum where he died.
And, it wasn't until years later that
that became more standard practice.
So, what's happened to these doctors now
is really nothing new.
And, this was because children were dying,
they were dying of birth bed or child of bed fever
after birth because
Absolutely.
they were using dirty hands to deliver babies.
The doctor's never washed their hands and they would go to
mother after mother after mother, delivery after delivery
and not even think about it.
Once Semmelweis instituted that, it was so dramatic
that literally anybody could see that, however.
The survival rate of both the mothers
and the babies.
Was tremendous.
But most of the times in science,
people do not like to leave their sacred cows
or have to look beyond what they're doing.
So, my book really contains people from the 20's,
but this has been going on for a very, very long time.
And, (clears throat) with Semmelweis
you're looking at something that to us it seems,
oh well that was just silly, these were barbaric people
that didn't understand the difference, but I would say
that the very same forces that are stopping the forwarding
of the technologies that really do work
are every bit as barbaric as the doctors
that essentially humiliated and ostracized Semmelweis
for having them just simply consider washing their hands.
No, that's true.
It's that barbaric
today.
And maybe
that springs and, the subtitle of my book I really wrote has
greed, ego and vested interest.
Semmelweis it had to do with ego, it really wasn't greed.
Today, it's mostly greed, but in those days it was ego.
It's the ego of individuals who have to be so right,
because they are designated as the expert.
And, that of course could be a whole discussion on
what really is an expert.
Yes.
But, we don't have time for that.
Oh god well we may towards the end,
we have so much, okay, so the point of our discussion today
is I wanted to have you share some of, a little smattering
of what it is in this book of some examples of what has been
withheld from the public, the type of doctors and people,
inventors that were bringing these technologies out,
the kinds of results they were having, and again
what happened to these individuals.
Sure.
Because, I think
this needs to be pounded home to us over and over and over,
until we simply will not take this anymore.
So, let's start out, I want to talk about Bjorn Nordenstrom,
if you don't mind.
Sure.
So, pick it up
from Rife and take it to Bjorn and tell us
what's happened through today.
I became interested in Bjorn Nordenstrom
for a couple reasons, one when I was informed
he was the chairman of the Nobel Assembly
that selects the Nobel Laureates in Medicine.
And, he was doing a technique having to do with
electromagnetism, which was shrinking female breast cancer
tumors and stomach tumors with electricity.
This really had me stimulated and excited,
because a lot of times people will discount
some of these experts by saying,
well this person really doesn't have any credibility
and this particular individual is not degreed,
but here we have a past chairman of the Nobel Assembly
and the discoverer of needle biopsy, which is used
in virtually every hospital in the world.
So, I flew or my organization flew Dr. Nordenstrom out
from Karolinska Institute in Sweden
and brought him to our first World Congress in 1986,
which was held in the Los Angeles area.
Now, a couple things in line with what you're saying Regina
is Nordenstrom was complaining to me how
he was being labeled an alternative medical practitioner
(laughter)
because he was working with something
outside the legal parameters which was surgery,
(clears throat) chemotherapy, and radiation for cancer.
Here is a man with incredible credentials
and it's alternative.
He also was complaining that (clears throat), excuse me,
all the interviews that he had given at the very end,
newspapers like the Los Angeles Times,
were really knocking him and his theories.
What he actually did was, he discovered
that as a cancer tumor is growing, there is a change
in the electrical potential, the positive charge
and in a very simplistic way, sticking a probe
in the middle of the tumor, he basically created, oh
a good analogy would be, a PAC Man type reaction where
the white cells went and attacked and ate this tumor up.
And, if he visualized a PAC Man literally eating it up.
No side effects, no problems.
While he was out, the news program 20/20
came to our conference, interviews Dr. Nordenstrom
and believe it or not, that interview was shown
two years later when we were having our
second World Congress, exactly on that weekend.
Some of the interviewed doctors stated,
we don't have time to learn anything new
and we have no comment on Dr. Nordenstrom.
And, that to me is ego right there.
But, his technique was ignored here.
He eventually goes to China, which was the only country
that would really give him the time of day.
He writes his patent and gives it to the people
and eventually, over 2,000 medical doctors
were using this therapy on I believe
about 17,000 patients with a 75% success rate.
And again, (clears throat) inexpensive,
non-toxic and all of the above.
And so, China embraced it and you know, it's interesting
because at the end of each of your chapters reflects
the title of your book, here this man brought this
incredible knowledge and therapy forward
that the medical community could have as easily,
if it weren't for their own egos and stubbornness, embraced.
And instead, as you say, and nothing happened.
And, I'm gonna put a little sidebar in here,
because (clears throat), excuse me, we are making it,
I think trying to get people to understand.
When I hear about the run for the cure, the walk
for the cure, (clears throat) and all this money, people
wearing the different bows, I get a little upset myself.
Not because the people aren't well meaning, but as far as
I'm concerned, I'm gonna be very explicit here,
they're being duped, because where
is that money going that is being raised?
We just mentioned the chairman of the Nobel Assembly.
What percentage of this research money has gone into
his theory or electromagnetics, zero.
Exactly, where is it going?
Well that really, of course, is the question.
Nobody knows where it's going
and we're talking hundreds of millions of dollars.
Absolutely.
I'm the same as you
and I always have been, for the same reasons,
because this is a passion of mine as well.
I see those pink.
Those little pink ribbons
Right.
that grace all of these advertisements throughout
all of the women's magazines and I become fumed.
I'm really fuming every single time I see it,
for the exact same reason, we're being duped.
No one's looking for a cure, the cure
has been there all along.
And, if people
really knew how much was out there.
Yeah.
Then, I believe they would really be upset.
Yes.
But, because there is not
much publicity, because people don't know
and thank goodness for a show like yours
and the dedication that you and Scott have
to be doing this type of informing people,
nobody would know about it.
And yet, these researchers who supposedly are looking
for an answer, should have known about this.
They should have and sometimes
they do actually know and choose to
basically turn a deaf ear, because this cuts into profit.
And this is the thing, it costs $100 million
to get a drug to market, right?
So, do you think that they're not going to proceed
on that track and make sure that it's indoctrinated
through the educational process of our MDs.
It's all funded by the pharmaceuticals
and it's a very sick and corrupt industry.
And we have to say, before we move on,
a lot of my examples were from the 20's, 30's, and 40's.
Right.
This is from
the 1970's, 80's, and 90's.
Right.
So, there's really no excuse for something like this
disappearing, dropping off the shelf.
But, in reality there was no excuse for the stuff
in the 20's and 30's dropping off.
There was a concerted effort by the then pharmaceutical,
well known family that ran the pharmaceutical industry.
This is true, but I try to keep just at the mere
quiet image as just a
Yeah, well.
humble librarian.
I'm going to
help you today Steven, as demure you are.
Okay, so anyway, so 75% success rate.
2,300 doctors in China actually have
used this technique.
Right.
And so, good for them, good for them.
We don't have the courage to do it
though at least somebody does.
I wanna go to Dinshah and we did talk about him
very briefly hit on him
in our first interview.
Right.
Chromotherapy.
But, I think it's
very important to go into Chromotherapy, 'cause again
it's pervasive, it's part of nature, sunshine, color.
The rainbow.
God's covenant.
Hello.
There is a lot there and Dinshah Ghadiali was from India
in the late 1800's, basically developed a 12 color system.
That's the use of 12 colors of the
visible spectrum to do healing.
Now, I'm gonna jump a little bit ahead
before we talk about the techniques
so we catch some of your listeners.
I've given many lectures, as you know, around the world
and I'll get a professional in the audience,
a doctor sometimes that go, oh this color therapy,
I just, that can't be possible.
And I'll say, oh doctor by the way, what do you do
with infant liver syndrome, bilirubin?
Well, we put the--
Jaundice, yellow jaundice in babies.
Yes, yellow jaundice.
Now, the doctor never finishes.
I go you were gonna say you put them under a blue light
and that is color therapy, because it is 100% fatality
if they are not placed under those blue lights.
And so, I don't know what you call it doctor,
that is color therapy (clears throat).
You can hear a pin drop after that I bet.
Absolutely, because people don't realize that there are
some of these techniques being used in let's say,
not the direct way, only one color's being used,
which is the blue.
However, there is a whole system that Dinshah developed
which really addresses over 320 different health problems,
all using this 12 color system.
What happened to him, well he was thrown in jail
about six times and eight different prisons,
because he had this dastardly therapy using color.
Color and light.
Unbelievable, now here's what I often like to share also.
I have never heard any report, anywhere in the world
that said, Mary Jane Smith was found ODed,
her color projector still running (laughs)
and she was just slumped down.
You just don't really hear.
Now, people will say well how can you have something
good like this, what about the negative parts?
And, I use this example, if you had a glass of water
or a glass and it was filled with water, pouring more water
only spills over the sides, but doesn't break the glass.
And, color therapy has the unique properties
of a tremendous upside, but very little downside or
negativity to it or adverse effects, it just doesn't happen.
True, I mean even if you used it
without any understanding at all and say you were
an agitated person and you put the red light on you.
Okay you might become a little more agitated at worst.
That's like the worst thing that can happen.
Exactly.
And the rest of it is nothing but a bonus.
And, back then when you were into color therapy
that was my passion, I read all the books in here.
I love it, I was reading this as my own journey,
because I read every book back then,
in the early and mid 80's, on color therapy.
And look how far you've come.
You travel over the world, I'm a librarian.
So, you've obviously done a lot with it.
Well, one thing I used to do is
I would give lectures on it, like you were and do groups
and I would tell the group, "Close your eyes."
so that no one could see what was going on
and then project colors on their bodies and tell them
very spontaneously, start telling me what you're feeling.
And, they would be, the group would be
pretty much right on every time.
They could feel the properties coming into the body.
But, let's talk about some of the medical therapies, I mean
the medical conditions they were using colored light for
back then, and I want to go into Kate Baldwin.
And, I think the most dramatic,
let's go into Kate Baldwin.
I have pictures in my book of little Grace Shirlow.
Yes.
Who had third degree burns
over 2/3 of her body, now that is death, I mean.
That results generally in death because it's just, the body
is just under too much pressure, it's being overwhelmed.
And, this little girl was given color therapy
by Kate Baldwin back in the 1920's.
And, she was a senior surgeon.
Well, she was, that was the oldest surgical hospital,
Philadelphia Women's Hospital, in the United States,
senior surgeon, the woman's credentials were impeccable
and she treats this little girl and after one hour
Grace Shirlow never had pain again from the burns.
Now, I didn't say not the rest of that day, Grace Shirlow
had no topical application, no pain from the burns,
and regrew baby skin.
And, when you see these photographs it's pretty.
It's very traumatic.
It's very painful
just to look at the condition she'd been in with this black
charred skin all over her body and never had pain again.
I mean, okay so obviously Kate Baldwin became a believer.
I mean, how many, she had what, as I recall something like
17 of these machines in her hospital.
Exactly, until pressure came from the AMA,
the American Medical Association, telling doctors
that they should not work with color
or there's a likelihood they would lose their license.
Now, the Board of Directors at Philadelphia Woman's Hospital
called Kate Baldwin in, we actually have the minutes
of those meetings, and wanted her
to explain what she was doing.
She explained, they saw the results, and
they let her practice for another couple of months
and then, the board said, we've been told,
you either give up the machines
or you give up your position in the hospital.
Now, the oldest surgical hospital,
and think of a woman in those days in that position,
she gave up her position rather than go
one day without the use of color therapy.
That was an amazing woman and when you think about it,
how strong in her conviction and when she has listed,
which she has in her memoirs, all the different conditions
that she cured using color.
Amazing.
Can you give a few?
Well, it was every thing, gonorrhea, syphilis, polio,
burns, cancer, arthritis.
Uh-hu.
And again, who are we talking about?
We're talking about a senior surgeon, not somebody
who kind of thought maybe there was a little reaction.
This was documented and some of her cases appeared
in medical journals, but they were just bypassed.
And so again, this was a beautiful,
subtle technology that.
Right.
I personally believe every human being
can benefit, to this day.
Absolutely.
I feel the same.
From color therapy.
If nothing else, to revitalize yourself when you're feeling
low on energy, to boost the immune system.
I've only found one thing that it doesn't work.
Growing hair (laughs)?
You are so sharp, only because you've known me this long
would you
Could I say that.
steal my big punchline from me, but that's exactly right.
Everything else it has been very successful.
And, I have to say for demonstration purposes only,
because I would never do therapy or treat people,
but I happen to show some people what's in our archives
and that's been about like, just about 800 people.
I know how effective that color can be,
because when we've been demonstrating to people,
it's worked very well on a multitude of cases.
Right, right, so this is something people
can begin looking into just as you and I did.
Back in the 80's there weren't that many books on
color therapy available then.
That's true.
There are a lot more now.
Right.
And there are
some actual, some really good color practitioners
and equipment available out there for anybody
who wants to just kind of take it on themselves,
for their own home use revitalization system.
It's very inexpensive, you use AC current out of the wall
and I did write in my book, that my father who was diagnosed
at one of the leading HMOs in the United States.
My mother was told my father would be a quadriplegic
the rest of his life with a neurogenic bladder,
he'd never urinate again on his own.
And, my mom went into the hospital, treated my father
with the color therapy twice a day for one hour
and six weeks later, he walked out of this hospital.
We have all the medical records and in those days
it was hard to get, because it was '84,
but he walks out of the hospital on two canes
after using the color therapy, and by the way,
my dad's therapy was one hour of AC current, so it was
about six or seven cents per day therapy for seven weeks.
That puts it in perspective doesn't it?
Well, that gets to the financial consideration absolutely.
Yes, and along the line, because what
we're talking about, essentially everything in this book
and everything we've talked about thus far and in our
previous interview has to do with vibrational healing and
a lot of it has to do with the electrical field of the body,
which science totally, I mean virtually dismisses.
Even though, anyone that studies medical history of and
studies the heart understands this is an electrical device.
Every physicist, but (clears throat) let's go
let's put it even closer to home.
What determines death for the medical profession?
Heartbeat and brain waves.
Right, electrical circuits, basically.
Of course they are, they're both electrical.
They're not chemical.
In the very old days they used to believe, no first
there was a chemical reaction which lead to electrical,
but science has really proved, first there is
the electrical which releases the chemicals
and we have all these fields that surround the body.
So, if we are using the determination of heartbeat
and brainwaves and electrical, why aren't our therapies
addressing that?
Exactly.
Well, that brings us to.
Well, I thought
a lot about it, that's why I don't have hair anymore.
(laughter)
So, I can't think about it anymore.
You burned that surface.
I've burned it out, I can't think about that.
Okay, so doctor George Crile, because this
takes us right into his work, because he actually
made that observation in a very personal way
via the death of a friend of his, as I recall.
That's correct.
So, let's talk
about his whole story.
Well, George Crile was one of the original
founding members of the establishment called
the Cleveland Clinic, which still exists and is very famous
in the midwest, the Cleveland Clinic is very big.
And George Crile, when he was going
to med school and as he says in his books,
he was taught certain aspects of medicine.
Well, a very good friend of his,
who was also a medical student, was hit by a horse and buggy
and brought into the hospital basically in shock.
Now, what really surprised George Crile was
basically why was his system actually going down?
What was this thing having to do with shock,
because there was not blood pouring out of his system?
All of his organs were working properly, and if that
was the case, according to what he's taught in medicine,
why was his friend dying and eventually died?
Why and who was his friend that this would happen?
So, he started beginning, he began to do research
on the human body trying to figure out,
if the blood didn't pour out, if the organs are working,
why did my friend die and why do other people die of shock?
He eventually, of course, discovered like everyone else
in the book, the body is electromagnetic and when there is
an alteration in the electrical fields of the body,
then there is a disintegration of how everything is working.
He also made another discovery,
which would take us a lot more time,
but he discovered that there is cells in the body
that convert sunlight.
I want it, no I want you to go into depth
in this, I was going to ask you to do that.
It's important 'cause it's the adrenals,
the thyroid and the liver.
That's exactly right, that is where the cells accumulate
and these cells are the converting mechanism that converts
energy into the electromagnetic workings of the body.
Now, if those particular cells get neutralized somehow
and apparently it could be just the same way
when we think of a battery.
That all of the sudden the battery, the charge is just lost.
Everything shuts down completely.
Uh-hu.
They can be recharged
up, a battery can, but when these cells,
because there's a lack of light, there's a lack of sun,
which makes sense for other things we know in medicine.
They are not pushing the energy
to different parts of the body, everything closes down.
That's what happened to his particular friend
that because of the shock to the system, because these cells
were not working efficiently anymore, everything wound down
and literally drained out and George Crile could see this.
Now, again because of time, let's look at George Crile.
Was he a weekend putterer in his garage?
No, they actually named a crater of the moon after him.
They actually named a battleship, the U.S.S. George Crile
after him, so do we see a little bit of a trend here?
We've got a past chairman of the Nobel Assembly, we have
somebody that they're naming craters in the moon after.
One of the first top female surgeons in America.
Absolutely, and they get overlooked, so the book is
not just about technologies, it is about what you started
this interview with, something is not right
with what is going on here, because we have top,
top people being overlooked for some reason.
But, they are all saying the same thing, electromagnetics,
frequency, magnetism, sound, color.
And the technologies are still out there.
They will always be there.
They've always been there.
They will.
I mean,
even just starting with the simple things like the sunshine
itself and what that's doing to the organs of the body,
which I tend to go on about quite a bit.
I'm a big fan of getting a little sunshine.
Okay, that leads us down into, 'cause you were talking
about the heart and the electrical system, into Dr. Kern.
That just, again I was hopping mad reading that.
Why doesn't everybody have access to what he discovered?
Well, Dr. Kern that was, I was very fortunate, in fact
you and I have shared I have a magical, beautiful life.
I'm very grateful for the places I've been,
the people I've met, but I happened to meet Dr. Kern
a little bit before he passed away.
Basically what he discovered was,
he was surgeon on the battlefield.
He was from Germany and there was a law
even in their country, that any soldier that was killed,
even if it seemed obvious, they had to do an autopsy.
And, he made a very startling discovery.
He found that 20 year old males
had 85-90% occlusion in their main arteries.
Now, occlusion means blockage, there was a blockage
in their main arteries going to the heart.
Now, according to our model and people are running in
and getting bypass surgery, it's because they have
occluded arteries and supposedly blood
isn't getting to the heart.
And, stress is one of the major causes of that.
That is correct.
Because that's
what ends up as plaque in the arteries.
So, a 20 year old at war, that's enough stress
to produce these blockages.
But, what's interesting is, you never hear
of a 20 year old dying of a heart attack.
Right.
And, this is what
got Kern very interested in what he was doing.
And, eventually what he discovered was
and I'm gonna use an analogy.
Let's take any big city that's got a freeway.
Freeway gets clogged, you have an appointment
you've gotta get to, I of course have to get
to my hairstylist and so, what do I do?
I pull off the freeway and I take side streets.
So, Dr. Kern said, wait a minute, if the main arteries
are blocked, nature is so fantastic,
there's gotta be what are called collaterals.
Now, what he found was there are thousands
of side streets leading blood to the heart,
so if the main artery is blocked, more blood comes.
Now, Dr. Baroldi of the Armed Forces Institute of Pathology,
he actually went a step further than Kern.
He actually took pictures and found
thousands of these collaterals feeding the heart
and what he came out with and it was published
in a medical magazine was, there is more blood
coming to the heart if your main arteries are blocked.
Now, the question people ask is, okay if that's really true
what is that pain I'm feeling, that people experience.
Or, if they've had a heart attack.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, Dr. Kern found out that the pH
was off in the heart muscle at those places and
there was an opening, there was actually a disintegration
in the muscle tissue because of the pH balance.
He discovered there was basically something
called strophanthin, which is a substance in the blood.
He also discovered an African herb that provides
this strophanthin into the body and in less than
10 minutes the pH is balanced in the heart, the person has
no more pain and they could go on with their
occluded arteries and they would have absolutely no problem.
There were studies done on this.
Oh absolutely they did a controlled study.
20,000 patients in a German study.
Now, there were literally thousands and thousands
of studies that have been done on strophanthin
in foreign languages, because it never made it over here.
And, the shame of this is that once somebody's
on strophanthin, in a 20,000 patient study,
the patients on strophanthin I believe there was one person
that had a further heart attack.
Whereas there were hundreds in the control group.
The biggest study of course was miners underground.
When they have a heart attack, by the time they come up,
they're brought up.
Uh-hu.
And go there was out of I think something like 100 or 200
miners, there was a high percentage of deaths.
Once strophanthin was placed down in the mine, no miner
ever died of a heart attack because the body is balanced.
(clears throat) The only problem is it's very,
very expensive, it retailed for about $2 a day.
So, it's not a lot of money.
Yeah, compared to
what 100,000 for bypass surgery.
Absolutely and by the way 95% of people scheduled
for heart bypass did not need it when they have taken
Strophanthin-G, which is this product.
And I would guess that virtually everyone
watching this right now knows someone
who's had a heart problem or a history of it,
and probably not one of them has ever been
introduced to this supplement.
No, because (clears throat) again it's
another one of those items that people just,
where are you gonna read about that?
It's not gonna come in the medical journals.
In Germany, Drew Spiegel, wasn't there a--
Well yes in there.
In Germany yeah.
Well, it was in fact, that brings up a very, very
interesting point, because one of the German doctors
with the Heart Association made a comment
that the strophanthin was dangerous.
That doctor was sued by the strophanthin people.
It went to the highest court in the land, which would be
like our Supreme Court, and the heart doctor lost
and the final result was this, anytime he opens his mouth
in the future and ever made a statement like that again
he would be liable for a financial judgment,
because he could not prove his point and he was lying.
(laughter)
Yay, well good for the German justice system.
Absolutely, because he could not produce data
backing up his assertion, but the strophanthin people could.
Now, I'm very familiar with this because
my World Research Foundation in Stuttgart was given all
of the thousands of studies that were done on strophanthin.
So, we're very, very familiar with that.
Is that supplement available
in the United States?
No, no, no.
Okay, if people are hearing this and saying
I'm going to do something about this,
how do you do that?
They need to travel
to Europe.
You have to go
to Europe to get it?
You have to travel to Germany, absolutely.
Now, the strophanthin company's under pressure
this last year, even though it's been around a long time
and my staff people in my German office
have used this product and are very, very familiar,
but pressure has been coming from the pharmaceutical
industry against the strophanthin company
to put them out of business, so.
But, a lot of doctors are still using it
in Germany.
Oh absolutely.
So, it's a highly unlikely the pharmaceutical
people will win this one.
I believe, I put in my book that a survey was sent out
to thousands of doctors who had used strophanthin
for more than 10 years and there was not one negative
letter back from those doctors.
Yeah.
And, by the way
somebody tried to commit suicide taking strophanthin,
one person and they took something like 100 strophanthin
pills at one time and they ended up with an upset stomach.
Okay, (laughs) well.
Very bad, it's very bad.
Very bad.
Very bad, made the news I'm sure.
Okay, well I wanna get back to this, I mean do you
have to get it under a doctor's prescription in Germany?
In Germany, yes it's not over the counter,
but if you go to the doctors who are doing it,
there's not a problem, because there is a list of doctors
who would be using the strophanthin.
So, you have to, if you're facing
a potential bypass and this is something
that's been tossed out there by your doctor.
First of all, you would have to travel a good distance.
It could be stressful, but it would, is it,
yeah, I mean okay, we can't talk about that, alright.
Anyway, I'm just tossing it out there.
Maybe you wanna start a travel agency.
(laughter)
The Strophanthin Travel.
Maybe you can do that Steven.
Maybe, so I can lose more hair.
Again, another story where it's almost
criminal in it's proportions that that information
and that product is withheld
But, you know what
I like about this?
from people
who need it.
It just popped
in here and so, we pop together and do our thing.
He, Dr. Kern was doing his diagnosis, his examination
and everyone in the book, and of course
everyone who ever makes a great discovery is an observer.
They observe what is going on and he's sitting there going,
wait a minute there's something radically wrong if
young soldier, young, young, young has all these occlusions.
Royal Rife says, why did they say the theoretical limition
for a light source has to be this?
George Crile says, wait a minute, I'm not gonna blow it off
because they say this is an aberration my friend died with
really shouldn't have died because there was
very little blood loss going on.
Every person, going back to ancient times, all the great
discoveries came because somebody refused to accept
the status quo or some expert's comment
and proceeded to find out why.
Natural curiosity.
That is what we have.
Yeah.
And original thinking.
And your
listeners, your viewers, more your viewers
should really say the same thing.
They should start questioning more.
You know, recently I made a presentation
and I was trying to empower the audience to say,
wait a minute, why are you listening to somebody
who's telling you that something is right or wrong,
when they're not healthy themselves?
Yeah.
If a doctor has all the answers, 90% of the doctors
I've been meeting, they're not in a very healthy state,
but they're telling you that vitamins aren't good,
nutrition isn't important, take these chemicals,
but when there was a debate in Hamburg, Germany
where 10,000 oncologists met.
Dr. Able did a statistical review of chemotherapy
and radiation and the majority
of those radiologists, you know what they said?
They wouldn't take it if they got cancer.
There you go.
They wouldn't do their own therapy.
And, I've met a lot of doctors who say the
same thing, they were trained in it and they know,
that's the last thing they'd put in their bodies.
Absolutely.
So, what are we going to do about this Steven?
I mean yes I can get hopping mad.
Yes, I can try to do something in the media with it,
but what can we all do, what can
every person watching this do?
There's two possibilities.
One is to go from the top down and believe that magically
all the representatives who are being paid by the lobbyists
will have a change of heart and alternative medicine
and the pharmaceutical industry will see the light.
Or, we can go one-by-one do grassroots movements
and that is where I'm really coming from Regina.
You have to go, you have to do it from the grassroots.
You have to really help each person.
What I have done in my life is one person,
the person in front of me, you,
are the most important person in my life.
And, if people will start going
and telling somebody else and sharing.
I believe that's the only way it's gonna change.
It is not going to change from the top down right now,
because it is too powerful, but people need to question.
People need to ask and if you really care about yourself
or loved ones, you do and you go where you need to go.
And, World Research Foundation, that's wrf.org?
wrf.org, uh-hu.
So, World Research Foundation can really help
guide people to some of the people, both, you know,
in this country, domestically and in other countries.
All over the world.
We have people
watching from all over the world.
All over the world.
You have access to
articles and resources from all end to end technologies
that are available all over the world.
25 years World Research has been around, I've been
doing this 40 years, the idea is we provide options.
We don't endorse, we're not pushing anything.
We are letting people know what their options are.
Or, we're like a chef who's laying out a buffet.
Our job is to keep finding more dishes for that buffet table
that will give you a good solution for your health problem,
but I guarantee anybody listening, I've never joined
anybody's board and we don't endorse,
but we let people know what's out.
Well, all I can say is, like I've said before,
thank you, thank you, thank you, you have been relentless
in your pursuit of the truth about what is working
around this planet and what has been suppressed.
And, I'm very happy you decided to finally put a,
last time I saw you, you hadn't done this book yet.
That's true.
I'm very grateful
that you did this and I encourage everybody
to take a look at this book, we talked about
a few examples that you go into them
in much more depth and into many more examples.
People really need to become aware
of what has been hidden from their view.
Thank you Regina.
Thank you Steven.
To get some further background
on these profound technologies,
you can pick up a copy of Steven's book,
And Nothing Happened, But You Can Make it Happen
through his website at andnothinghappened.com.
In addition you'll find an astounding amount of information
on healing modalities of all kinds
at his main website, wrf.org.
Also, you might enjoy our interview on the life
of Royal Raymond Rife in our second interview
with Steven, as well as our interview
with Brian Breiling on color therapy.
Until next time, thanks for watching CMN.
(relaxing yet energizing music)